Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Previously on ghost...
Zion. Why the fuck did
you kill wiley Adams?
There's a dealer Carter
needs taken off the board.
I'm a college student. I don't kill people.
Yo. B. are you fucking
kidding me right now?
Bro. I was just headed out there.
What are you doing?
Get the fuck off the stage.
What's the word. red?
Whose drugs you steal?
Brighton beach Russians.
NYPD!
Please don't shoot.
I don't know if I can do this shit anymore.
Davis? He can't do shit that I can.
So you're a man of many talents now?
What. you thought I was just
a handsome motherfucker with a Glock?
Someone's about to take down.
Carter's entire organization.
- Who's the rat?
- Roman.
Listen. my family is in serious trouble.
Diana's supposed to kill Zion.
We can use that to
get back in with noma.
Yo. you got the shit?
What the fuck?!
Everything's taken care of.
Thank you. tariq.
You know I'll do anything
for you and that baby.
You got a dirty cop on the squad.
Detective Nico halston.
I saw him take cash
from the Russian raid.
Motherfucker.
What happened with Zion?
I fucking told you to handle it.
- Fuck this.
- Fuck you.
Get the fuck down there.
Wait. Please don't... you're my bitch now.
Somebody help!
Somebody fucking help me!
I'm so sorry. Diana.
What
I'm sorry.
No.
Her mother's almost here.
Okay. Thank you.
Monet's on her way.
But I'll be here. I'm not going nowhere.
I'ma take care of you.
Take care of me?
Come on. d.
You said you had us. tariq.
That you'll protect us by
being in the fucking game.
Carter's bitch-ass cop did this to me.
Look at me. tariq.
This is what being in the game looks like.
D. this... this is fucking
hard for me too. you know?
How is it hard for you? You
didn't even want this baby.
We didn't plan on this. d. but...
Tariq. just get the fuck out.
Please.
Get out.
- Are you serious?
- I'm serious.
Tariq. how is she?
You can go see for yourself.
Well. how's the baby? Is he okay?
Look. I'm... i'ma go ahead
and do what I promised.
Look. tariq. I appreciate
you gettin' Diana here
and callin' me. but...
This is family business.
I got it from here.
I completely understand. but monet.
I don't work for you anymore.
And that was also my baby. so
I'm gonna do what I have to do.
Damn.
Don't worry. baby girl.
You gon' get through this.
And I'ma fuckin' put the
motherfucker in the ground
who did this to you.
Ma. I just wanna go home.
- Can you talk to the nurse?
- Of course. baby girl.
But you gotta tell me who did this.
It was that bitch Felicia.
Who the fuck is Felicia?
Look. this ain't the time right now.
We gotta focus on Diana.
Well. what you think I'm doin' here?
Obviously you don't got
this shit under control.
Don't your bitch noma got
some fucking work for you to do?
When she fucks this up. call me.
- Ma. he just wanted to help.
- I know.
but I don't want him all
involved in this Carter shit.
It'd get him killed.
Never known you to be an early riser
so this sure as shit
can't be a good morning.
You looked into detective Carter.
You looked into the rest of his team?
He runs a squad of detectives. tariq.
I mean. what else is there?
Can you get their addresses?
What are you up to?
Davis. don't worry about it. all right?
Just get me the addresses.
I'll take it from there.
Tariq. you need to
tell me what's going on
and maybe I can help in another way.
A'ight.
One of them put Diana
in the fuckin' hospital.
So I'm taking care of this shit today.
So if you wanna help. just give me
the fucking addresses. Davis.
I tell you what...
Let me call in a favor
and I'll get back to you.
But in the meantime.
tariq. try and take a beat.
Hurry the fuck up. Davis.
Fuck.
I'm sorry. bro.
I love you. man.
Kamaal is...
Well...
He was my better half.
Pushed me to be better.
To do better.
My deepest condolences.
My wife was also
gunned down by dealers.
My unit was built to protect.
so you understand I'ma need
the motherfucker who did this to pay.
Who was it?
Congressman. look...
As you know. this is
an active investigation.
- I'm not at Liberty to disclo...
- nigga. fuck all that noise!
My motherfuckin'
brother is killed. all right?
And whoever took him
from me is gonna fuckin' pay.
Bottom line!
And you know I was New York's finest.
I was a cop. just like you.
So. I either talk to you or the press.
But I'ma get the answers I need.
You're right.
You're right. I'm sorry.
Preliminary ballistics
tie the murder to a bust
we made on a Russian drug warehouse.
Retaliation?
That's what we think.
Some of the Russians escaped.
They must have tracked kamaal down.
Well. what's being done to
get this motherfucker. man?
My team is working on this 24/7
and we will not stop until we get this guy.
I promise you that.
Listen. find out who did this
and if there's anything I can do to...
Expedite the search. just call me.
I'll make sure that you have any
and every resource necessary.
I appreciate that.
Like I said. my... my
team. we have it from here.
Again...
Condolences.
Kamaal was a good man.
And a good cop.
I'm your first call when
you find this fucking guy.
We clear?
Your very first call.
Tariq handled your Zion problem.
But corrupt bureaucrats
don't exactly advertise.
It's gonna take me some
time to find a new one.
Especially considering what
happened with Mr. Adams.
Time I don't have.
Even if I were to pull a
congressman out of a hat.
the contract's contingent
upon U.S. citizenship
which you don't have.
Yeah. well. Adams was handling that too.
I need someone who
can make this work.
To clean your dirty Benjamins
which are stacking up from overseas.
I get it.
And what would you propose?
Well. the quickest route
would be to install a U.S. citizen
as the majority owner of your company.
Obviously it has to be someone you trust
or. in your case. can control.
Like you?
A defense attorney up for disbarment
who works for drug
dealers like tariq St. Patrick
and monet tejada?
Correction.
I work for my damn self.
Besides...
You don't really think you
can control me. do you?
Yo.
How bad did I fuck up last night?
Do you think Elle's still mad?
I mean. I didn't think
it was that bad. but...
Yo. yo. yo. yo. I thought
everything was good.
A dirty cop beat up Diana. b.
She's in the hospital. She's fine. but...
She lost our baby.
What?
All right. just...
Give me two minutes to get ready
and we'll figure this shit out.
Nah. it's good. I got this.
Davis is giving me the cop's address.
Who the fuck could that be?
Stokely.
- What up. dude?
- Shut the fuck up.
This ain't gon' take nothin' but a minute.
- Y'all two niggas fired.
- Fuck you mean we fired?
We got no lie trending on
college campuses everywhere.
Every show is sold out. What...
What the fuck is this about?
- Is this Elle?
- Nah.
It was a group decision.
After that snow white diddy shit
you pulled on stage last night.
Quit cappin' like we
don't know y'all using us
to sell y'all fucking drugs.
What the fuck are you talking about?
- That's not what's happening.
- Save it.
We don't know if we
got fans or fuckin' fiends.
- We done.
- No the fuck you're not.
Y'all knowin' about this
shit don't change nothin'.
You lucky I don't get your ass expelled.
You out here ruinin' fuckin' lives and shit
and got me a fuckin' accessory!
- Riq. chill.
- Fuck you. No. fuck him!
No. fuck you. Fuck both of y'all.
- Chill.
- Fuck y'all!
What the fuck. riq?
You know. if you ain't pull
that bullshit you did last night.
this wouldn't be a fuckin' issue.
Okay. I know. all right? I fucked up.
But breaking his jaw's
not gonna change shit.
I'm supposed to just snort a few lines
and get the fuck over it
like you always do. right?
Okay. Obviously I'm not the one
to get through to you right now.
Maybe someone else can.
But before you go do what
I think you're about to do
to a fucking cop.
you gotta talk to someone you trust
and really think this shit through
before you fuck our shit up
even more than it already is.
- Any leads?
- Nope.
I've never known you to bend
over for a crooked politician.
What the fuck did you just say?
I'm sorry. but deputy do-right
brought this on himself.
Thought he could take down the
rest of the Russians on his own.
Fe. come on. we don't
know if that's what happened.
Let's be fucking real here.
The way you said he almost got to zay.
sounds like whoever
took him out did us a favor.
Now we can stop
tiptoeing around his ass.
Nah. fuck that.
Look. kamaal wasn't one of us
but he was still a good fucking cop.
Nobody had the right to
gun him down like that.
Nico's right.
You give kamaal the respect
he deserves. Am I clear?
Yes. sir.
If Rashad Tate has questions.
we're gonna answer 'em.
How?
You told him it was the Russians.
They all scattered after we
blew up their spot. I mean...
They probably didn't
even have the numbers
to plan an ambush in that time.
Yeah. and why would they
single out kamaal's ass?
I mean. it's more likely he caught a bullet
meant for his shady-ass brother.
Right. and if it was the Russians.
that probably means we
have targets on our backs also.
- It doesn't make any sense.
- Then we gotta get to 'em first.
We're putting this on the Russians
who fled after the raid.
Look. if we don't
Tate blows this up in the press.
Then tomorrow. we might as
well roll out the red carpet for iab.
That's the last thing we fuckin' need.
Guys. get the team.
smoke out the Russians.
End this now.
What is it?
Look. I know this ain't the
shit you wanna hear right now...
Just fucking tell me. please.
We got another bird about to sing.
But our man on the
inside has a proposal.
Hey. yo. Where's Roman?
Nah. You fuckin' concussed
if you lookin' for him.
Have you seen your face?
Just go. Now.
Before he sees me
wit' you and kills us both.
You know what?
You ain't wrong about that.
I tend to be a nigga of my word.
But a hospitable one.
Very giving with my time.
Ain't that right. Keyon?
Shut the fuck up.
Ooh!
Man. See. you one hard-headed nigga.
We got a problem here. gentlemen?
Nah.
We good.
Then clear the fuck out.
Nigga.
You gon' die in here.
You and this bitch.
- Let's go.
- Fuck!
Fuck. fuck!
What you doin' here. man?
That desperate for business
you makin' house calls now?
Sure. junior. if that's what you
kids are calling it these days.
Noma.
Think over those citizenship
options I proposed.
I'll make sure your. assets
stay in capable hands.
I'm just gonna assume that was about
the replacement of wiley Adams
and you not lettin' Davis maclean hit.
I believe you meant Davis is
rectifying an issue you caused.
However. I don't recall ever needing
to explain myself to my employees.
Employees?
We both know I'm more than that.
But we need to talk about effie.
Do we. luv? Because
if you claim to be more.
then perhaps it's you who
should explain yourself.
Okay. after the shit that
happened with the Russians.
she wants out.
I think that'd be a great idea
let me stop you there.
Where was all this thinking
when you chose to have
a pissing contest with Zion.
jeopardizing everything I've built?
You the one running
around here on some
cat and mouse. heaux game shit.
trying to make me jealous with Davis.
When I've been holding you
down since you set foot in my city.
What's up with that?
Well. you said you're my problem solver.
But what have you done for me lately?
Tariq killed Zion and
Davis proposed solutions
to my contract and citizenship issues.
What makes you think
you can trust Davis or tariq?
We're done here. cane.
And I don't trust either of them.
Nor do I trust your little girlfriend effie
didn't tip off the police
to the Russian stash.
- She's quite the opportunist.
- No.
No. Effie damn near took a bullet for us.
She ain't no fuckin' snitch.
Well. then it sounds like it
would be in her best interest.
and yours. to find out exactly who is.
First. my warehouse is robbed
and somehow. Carter's
fucking task force is there.
And then. just as my
product lands at the Russians.
Carter's there again.
Don't fucking come back
until you find out who's tipping him off.
How we killing this bitch?
Look. Diana. you said
you wanted outta the life.
Now. killing a cop ain't the way out.
This ain't about in or out.
It's about making that
bitch pay for killing my baby.
your grandchild. our... Our fuckin' future.
- Family first. right?
- Yes. Yes. yes. yes.
Calm down. Take your meds.
and I'll fix you something to eat.
We're goin' to see Carter later.
Okay?
Well. I'm doin' this.
Felicia did this to me.
so I don't give a fuck
what Carter has to say.
- I'ma off that bitch.
- That's right.
He either gives the bitch up
or he gets buried next to her.
Hi.
Tariq? What are you doing?
What's wrong?
Look. I
I just came to check
if everything was okay.
Boy. you know you lie like your father.
Now. just tell me. why
are you really here?
Tariq! I can't believe you're here!
Are you staying this time?
You have to see my new room.
Come on. show me.
Go ahead.
What you been up to?
What's this about?
I don't like to be summoned.
Felicia...
Beat the shit outta
Diana. left her for dead.
Diana was pregnant.
She lost her fuckin' baby.
I didn't know Diana was pregnant.
So you gave the order and
didn't know she was pregnant?
I didn't know anything about this.
- I would never do that.
- Bullshit!
Look. if you want me and my family
to keep doing shit for you.
- you will...
- I will what?
What-what's your play here?
You think I'm just gonna
give you permission
to execute one of my cops?
Well. if she really did this
shit without your knowledge.
it ain't the first or the last time.
And that's gonna raise questions.
Questions you and your little
fuckin' militia can't answer.
Now I'm doin' you a fucking
favor by taking this bitch out.
Fuck no.
No. see... I get to come in your house
and call the shots.
It don't work both ways.
So unless you want me
to slap the cuffs on you
and see how long you survive rikers.
fuck off.
Let me handle my people my way.
So that's what you did with dru.
That's what you did with my son.
Dru's gonna be fine.
He'll be home soon.
Fuck you.
Piece of shit.
Fuck Carter.
- Hello?
- Di. it's me.
What the fuck? Did they let you out?
No. not yet. but... I'm
okay. I'm good. You good?
Nah. Carter's bitch beat my ass
and left me for dead in an alley.
Wait. what the fuck? What?
What about the baby?
Dru...
Di
I am so... fucking sorry.
- I shoulda been there.
- But you weren't
and you still ain't.
No. I'm gonna make
this right for you. okay?
- I can fix this.
- Where-where's monet?
You sound just like her.
thinking you can fix this for me.
She's out there trying
to handle it herself too.
- Fuck. no. Listen.
- Call monet
and tell her not to do shit
until I get there. all right?
I promise you. Diana.
- I promise you...
- promise what?
That you're gonna help me do it?
Diana. I know what you're dealing with
but you can't kill a cop.
No. you don't have a fucking
clue what I'm dealing with.
But you're right. I can't let her do it.
That bitch is mine.
Come here.
Okay. you need to
tell me what's goin' on.
Because if you're in
some kind of danger.
or we are. I need to know now.
Ma. there's no danger. okay?
Nothing like that. I promise.
Then what's wrong?
Why does something gotta be wrong?
Because I've seen that look before
on your father's face.
You said you learned
from his mistakes. riq.
Ma. I'm not ghost. I can
fix whatever problem I'm in.
First off. lower your voice.
And just tell me what
happened. Fix what?
What is it?
A'ight.
I didn't get the chance to tell you. but
Diana was pregnant. ma.
- Yours?
- Yeah. Mine.
Wait a minute... You
said "was pregnant."
A cop beat the shit outta her.
- Left her for dead.
- Are you fucking kidding me?
Well. is she okay?
Yeah. she'll be fine.
As soon as I get what I need from Davis.
I'm out to make a move.
Riq...
All we gotta do is get
noma the name of the snitch
that almost got you
popped with the Russians.
then you can skip on down to la-la land.
Stanford's in northern California.
Whatever. It ain't here.
And that's what you want. right?
So what you think? Was
it one of the Russians
that snitched or what?
- Vadim's people?
- Yeah.
- Fuck no.
- Okay. then who?
How the fuck am I supposed
to know who tipped the police?
There could be a record
in the NYPD database
but I doubt there's a name.
Effie. if there's ever a time for you
to find something to get you outta this.
you pull out that laptop
and bleep-bloop that shit.
I need a cop's laptop.
Only way into the
database is from a computer
on the NYPD's secure network.
Fuck it.
Shit.
Doesn't anybody fuckin' knock?
Just relax. Charlie sheen.
Wipe your nose. man.
Can't just come in here. okay?
- We made a truce. right?
- It's all good.
We got a favor to ask you.
A favor?
Are you fucking kidding me?
With the shit you pulled with tariq
and you with trace.
Trace can thank your hidin' ass for that.
And you can thank effie that
you still have a fucking family.
Look. I'm sorry for how shit went down.
But if tariq never cut my ass out.
you wouldn't be in this spot.
You chose your side. remember?
Now I get it.
That's the game. right?
Either get two feet in or get fucked over
and then asked for a
favor by the fuckers.
Listen. if you wanna stop
being somebody's bitch.
- stop acting like one.
- Cane. you're not helping.
Yeah. you're really not.
Fine.
Let me try this again.
What the fuck do you
want from us to help?
I want the course correct knockoff.
Let me have the
stansfield business back.
What? Fuck no. Effie can
handle this Ivy league shit.
- You just stay in your Lane.
- Fine.
Do this job. you can have it all.
The other Ivy leagues too.
Effie. come on. You can't do this.
Yes I can.
You doin' this or not?
Look. I'm not about to beg you
but this shit needs to happen today.
Just pick up your phone when I call.
Monet's trying to shut me out.
but now Diana's roped up in
this Carter shit because of her
and now she thinks it's my fault.
Well. in her mind. no one
was there for her when...
Someone always has been.
Monet. her brothers. and this time. you.
Look. she's angry at the world right now.
And there's only one thing
that's gonna make it right.
I'm gonna make it right.
That's just it. riq.
She doesn't want you to.
I mean. you flyin' in to save her
is what got her in this mess.
And all of you are
probably trying to do the same thing.
trying to avenge her.
Yeah.
But. ma. I mean...
What am I supposed to do.
just act like nothing happened?
What. leave these
motherfuckers breathing
like they didn't do shit to her?
Riq. you still aren't getting it.
They did it to you too.
What was stolen from
Diana. you lost it too.
That child...
Was hope.
A chance for a life outside of all this shit.
Look
I can't fix this for you. baby.
And I'm not saying to just let it go.
But killin' a cop?
That's not gonna help you get back to us.
Ma. what about Diana?
That's up to you. I mean...
You can be there for Diana.
But whatever that family does
cannot come back on you.
Because your family is here
and we are waiting for you.
So please be smart.
Be strategic.
Like you was when you shot monet.
That bitch don't know I shot her.
And we both know
that can't happen again.
So whatever this little
text message you just got.
I need you to show me that you
can do better than your parents.
I love you. riq.
I just want us to be together again.
Trust me
I didn't forget the
promise I made to you. ma.
I know.
All right.
I love you too.
- Okay.
- All right.
Thank you.
Hey. boss. What's up?
Why the fuck did you lay
hands on Diana tejada?
Monet wants your head because
she ended up in the hospital.
So what?
Fuck that drug queen and her daughter.
Since when are you so
soft on the fucking help?
Are you using again?
What?
What are you talking about?
She was pregnant.
Did you know?
Fuck. How the fuck would I?
Don. come on. Diana could
a ruined everything. She was
are you fucking justifying this?
I told her to off Zion.
No. no. no. I-I told you to off Zion.
Lab was up my fucking
ass so I sent her to do it.
She didn't do it. so she fucking got
tariq St. Patrick to do it.
How do you know that?
Tariq killed Zion? How the
fuck would you know that?
Fuck.
He did it in the safe house?
It was on our surveillance cameras.
I cleared the server. That's the only copy.
You fucked up.
We're all at risk now.
Did she tell St. Patrick about us?
- She said she didn't.
- And you fucking believe her?
Look. I'm sorry. but
we can make this right.
We can use this.
I'll hold onto this. You go home.
Don't talk to anyone. Don't tell anyone.
Not Nico. not anyone. You understand?
So you mean to tell me
we're about to break into a cop's house
hoping his laptop's there?
What if he's there?
Or his wife and kids?
Nah. he won't be.
I ran a check on him.
Wife and six-year-old son.
Wife is home.
Six-year-old's still at school.
Play our cards right. we're in and out.
Relax. b. all right?
Shit goes sideways. you
don't have to leave in cuffs.
Just make that shit look
like a home invasion.
You can do that. right?
Yeah. Yeah. I can do that.
Landon was driving me to
nyu when we were carjacked.
and I-I told him to just give him the keys.
My god. he never listens to me.
I'm so sorry. I'll call 911.
No. I called already. Plea.
but he's bleeding. We really need help.
I'm sorry. I... I can't let you in my house.
But I-I can definitely
- I think I'm gonna pass out.
- My god.
Okay. okay. Come in. Come in.
Just right through there.
Thank you so much. ma'am.
It's Maggie.
We'll get you patched up.
then we'll call my husband.
He's NYPD.
And you can file a report.
That's really not necessary.
I actually think a cop is on his way.
Are you hurt? You're covered in blood.
Yeah. Landon's blood.
Do you have a bathroom or something?
Maybe I can go clean up a little bit.
Yeah. Down the hall.
second door on your right.
Thank you.
Okay.
Why didn't you just... Give up the car?
I guess I didn't get the memo
about chivalry being dead.
But luckily.
you'll live.
This might need a few stitches though.
I should get you to the er.
No. that's... That won't be necessary.
She's just gonna go get her car.
It's only a few blocks from here. so.
Wow.
So much for chivalry.
Wait. She said you were
taking her back to nyu.
Where is she?
I'm sure she's fine.
I'm just gonna go check on her.
No. I just...
Are you all right in there?
Hello?
Hi. Sorry to bother
you. I'm officer Ramirez.
I'm responding to a carjacking.
The neighbor said you might have
been helping one of the victims.
Fuck. Fuck.
Come on.
Yes. But that was fast.
Yeah. unfortunately. this isn't the first
carjacking in your neighborhood.
We got extra patrols all
up and down these streets
due to the escalations.
My god.
I mean. this is normally
such a safe neighborhood.
Yeah.
Are you the one who called?
Yes. officer.
I'm a little shaken still. but all good.
Thank you. Maggie.
Is there anything that
we can do to repay you?
No. Think nothing of it.
I just hope everything works out okay.
- Thank you. officer.
- No. ma'am. thank you.
Appreciate you.
- Caucasian male. please come.
- Thank you. sir.
- All right. you have a good one.
- You too.
- Good work.
- I confirmed the Russian
who shot kamaal is hiding out here.
Sure we should be
going in without backup?
Where the fuck is Felicia?
We're fine. Source said
he went in 25 minutes ago
with a woman and no one in or out. so.
Eyes open. Here we go.
NYPD! Put your motherfuckin' hands up!
All right. I got it. Get her outta here.
Fuck you. pig!
Yeah.
- You good. boss?
- Yeah. Got this motherfucker.
All right. Let's write this up and...
Get forensics down here.
Yeah. Good shit.
God damn.
You sure this is the
guy who killed kamaal?
What about his friend who got
away out the fucking window?
Hey. hey. don't worry about it.
All right. we run ballistics on this gun.
We find the match that killed kamaal
and then we get Tate off our asses.
Now you good with that?
Yeah.
- Yeah. I'm good with that.
- Yeah.
Looks like we got the motherfucker.
I'll write this up.
Yeah. you do that.
I'ma call Tate
and give him the good news in person.
Okay.
Let's just calm down and talk about this.
Why?
What the fuck can you
even say to me right now?
- You can't pull that trigger.
- Try me.
It's okay.
You don't wanna do this.
This is all still fixable. But if you kill a cop.
it is gonna get much worse for you.
How the fuck can it get worse for me?
You already took everything from me.
I am truly sorry for how you feel
but it was just business.
Business?
Bitch. my baby wasn't fuckin' business!
Tariq. where are you right now?
Relax. We're good.
I don't need those addresses anymore.
Glad to hear you found a
sense of peace. I was afraid
yo. Davis. I gotta call you later.
- Diana.
- Tariq.
I'm happy you called. I
I wanted to apologize about earlier.
Tariq. I need you right now.
Can... can you please get to me asap?
Yeah. where you at? I'm on the way.
So you're absolutely
positive this is the guy
that pulled the trigger on kamaal?
The weapon that we recovered
matches the ballistics
on your brother's case.
So...
We got him. congressman.
As promised.
Piece of shit.
Wish I'd have pulled the trigger
and blew his fuckin' brains out myself.
I see why my brother
chose this unit. detective.
Nice work.
Seems I'm in debt to you.
So. there's anything you
ever need at any time.
my door's always open
to you. my good brother.
I'll walk you out.
How's the hack to freedom going?
Look at this.
I couldn't find a single file
related to the Russian drug bust
about an informant.
But the task force did lie
about what they recovered.
They said they found
way less cash and product
- than what they really did.
- How you know?
'Cause I dropped a backpack
filled with the Russians'
payment to noma.
So this task force is taking a
cut off the top for themselves.
Got any names of these
dirty motherfuckers?
The ones in on the raid.
Cane. noma wants a name.
Means I'm not done with this shit.
But now we know
Carter's task force is dirty.
We can use this shit.
All right? I'ma let noma know.
- Like right now?
- If I'm hearing this right.
she's gonna wanna know this tonight.
Plus. I'm sure you got
some robot shit to do.
- So yeah. now.
- Cane.
Thank you.
For everything that you did.
I could stay. if you want.
Be here when you're done.
Is that something you wanna do?
I'm not tryin' to move in.
I just...
Everything that you did with no agenda.
It's
I forgot how that feels.
Your call has been forwarded
to an automatic voice message system.
Monet.
That Felicia bitch that
beat Diana works for Carter.
Please tell me you're not mixed
up with that fuckin' dirty cop.
Diana?
I knew there was something
special about you. son.
Yeah. you can fuck right
off with all that "son" talk.
We had a deal.
My mom and my
sister are outta this shit.
You're in no position
to make any fuckin' deals. son.
You understand?
I can put you right back in
that fucking cage anytime.
Along with your mother and your sister.
Initiative. loyalty... and discretion.
They go a long way with me. dru.
I don't know if you.
heard about your sister.
I'm sorry.
That shit wasn't my call.
But I'ma need your word
that you and your family
ain't gonna retaliate
or be a problem from now on.
Fuck.
This is a problem.
What the fuck am I supposed to do?
Look. we just clean up the fucking body
before the kid wakes up
and make it look like
nobody ever came home.
Okay. and then what?
I don't know. d. The kid'll be fine.
How the fuck is he gonna
be fine? I just killed his mother.
- Shh.
- Mom?
Mommy?
No. but we're mommy's friends.
I'm officer Morton and...
- This is officer...
- Thomas.
Mommy had to pick up
the late shift tonight. buddy.
But. don't you worry
because we're gonna take
good care of you. okay?
- Okay.
- But listen.
if you don't want us to get in trouble.
I'm gonna need you to get back to bed.
Do you like bedtime stories?
- Yes.
- Okay.
Well. get back to bed
and I'll be up there soon.
We'll be up there in a little bit. buddy.
Shit.
Fuck!
- This is valuable intel. cane.
- I know.
Effie found out that
Carter's task force was dirty.
They're raiding the stash spots.
pocketing product and cash.
But who put me on Carter's radar?
Who's his informant?
I don't know. but I will
follow this Carter lead.
Yes. you will.
While effie continues her
duties with the Russians.
Unless you have more
you'd like to share or discuss.
Yeah. I do.
Marry me.
If that's supposed to be a joke.
you should stick to what
you're good at. cane.
It's not.
You said I should start
thinking more strategic. right?
And you need citizenship
to make you legit.
That's what you needed mecca for.
'Cause knowin' you and him.
that ring damn sure wasn't about love.
It was about selling your image.
So. let me do that.
And you think I can
trust you to fulfill that role?
You don't have to.
Just don't fuck me and take
what I've built since mecca.
Guarantee me that.
Then you can have your new boy toy
draw up whatever paper you need
to protect your assets
and I'll... I'll sign 'em.
And that's all you want?
Just business?
Shit. that's up to you.
But no more of this employee shit.
A real partnership.
That's just so fucked up.
Doin' this was supposed
to make me feel like
- I don't know.
- It's okay.
It's okay.
Fuck.
It's all right. d.
D. you gotta understand. none of this
is gonna make you feel
better about anything.
And I can't fix this for you
just like I couldn't fix it for my own family.
What are you talkin' about?
Look.
I did exactly what you just did
to the dirty cop that killed my sister.
Yeah.
To this day. I'm still walking around
with that same fucking pain on me.
I gotta deal with that shit.
The rest of my family gotta deal with it.
But that dirty cop. he doesn't.
Felicia took your heart and left you alive.
That's a fate that's worse than death.
What you need to
understand though. d. is...
Revenge ain't always about blood.
It has to be thought
out. it has to be strate
just stop. A'ight?
I don't need lessons on
how to revenge better.
Look... I'm sorry I
haven't been there for you.
I'm here for you now.
Shit.
Look. ma. I know what you
said. but I had to do it for me.
I thought I had to do it.
I know. baby. but you gotta
get the fuck outta here. now.
I'll take care of this. Give me my gun.
Look. the cop had a kid
and he's asleep upstairs.
Yeah. and he saw us.
Fuck!
Okay. okay. I'll take care of him.
No. How?
Shit. I don't know. but you gotta get
the fuck outta here. now.
Shit. Dru.
Thank god you all right.
Look. you-you gotta
help me get this body...
- Hands up.
- What the fuck is he doin' here?
Hands up. Put the gun down!
Now!
I brought him.
Her kid. Where's her fucking kid?
He's fine. He's asleep upstairs.
Fuck.
Fuck! You killed her.
You fuckin' ki
I told you to follow my fuckin' rules
and you didn't fuckin' listen!
Carter.
Easy.
Fortunately for you.
your son. he knows how this works.
So today. today you get
to keep fuckin' breathin'.
What the fuck did you do. dru?
I protected our family.
Isn't that what you said you wanna do?
He would a killed us for this shit. ma.
So I did what I had to.
This is the only way we
get to walk outta here alive.
Dru?
You see. he told the fuckin' truth.
Now why don't we try
giving you another crack at it?
Why did you tell me you
stole from the fuckin' Russians?
Why did you lie?
Well. it seems like dru gave
you all the fuckin' answers.
So if it wasn't them. who was it?
Noma asaju.
That's your old supplier.
Who you said to me. you said
the shit dried up. didn't you?
Dru gave her up
so I didn't put a bullet in
you and your fuckin' daughter.
But you chose to protect the fucking plug
over your kids.
What's up. red?
What. you ain't got
nothin' cute to say now?
Anybody else got somethin' cute to say?
What about you. tariq?
No? You good too?
Doesn't fucking matter.
As far as I'm concerned.
all of you are going down for this.
If we don't do what?
There's that Ivy league
education at work.
Everything comes at a cost.
including your fucking freedom.
You get me the leverage I
need to go against noma.
and maybe. just fucking maybe
I change this murder to...
To a fuckin' accident.
Y'all cool with that?
Great. Now get the fuck outta my face.
Dru and I will clean up your fuckin' mess.
Go! Now.
Now.
Welcome to the fuckin' team. tariq.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-